# Changelog

## Next Version

* `@ContributesBinding` supports qualifiers now, see the README and documentation for examples.
* You can generate multibindings with `@ContributesMultibinding` now, see the README and documentation for examples, see #152.
* Upgrade Dagger to `2.32`. Generating factories for assisted injection is no longer compatible with older Dagger versions due to the behavior change in Dagger itself. Make sure to use Dagger version `2.32` or newer in your project, too.
* Use the mangled function name to generate the factory for a provider method.

## 2.1.0 (2021-02-05)

* This release upgrades Anvil to Kotlin `1.4.30`. Older Kotlin version are no longer supported moving forward.
* The IR extension is enabled by default. Anvil is compatible with the new IR and old compiler backend. 

## 2.0.14 (2021-02-04)

* Anvil falsely detected provider methods inside of companion objects of interfaces as abstracted, see #187.
* Support nullable parameters for assisted injection properly, see #189.

## 2.0.13 (2021-02-04)

* This release accidentally used a Kotlin preview version.

## 2.0.12 (2021-02-02)

* Support Dagger's assisted injection feature and generate necessary code, see #165.
* Throw an error if a provider method is abstract, see #183.

## 2.0.11 (2020-12-28)

* Declare the Dagger Factory generation option as stable.
* Support a mode that only generates Dagger Factories through the `generateDaggerFactoriesOnly` flag, see #164.
* Suppress any deprecation warnings in generated code, see #169.

## 2.0.10 (2020-11-20)

* Upgrade Kotlin to `1.4.20`. Note that this version **no longer works** with Kotlin `1.4.10` or older, see #159.

## 2.0.9 (2020-11-20)

* Upgrade Kotlin to `1.4.10`. Note that this release is not compatible with Kotlin `1.4.20`.
* Remove the usage of the now deprecated `KotlinGradleSubplugin` class, see #30.
* Enable Kotlin's explicit API mode in the `:annotations` artifact.

## 2.0.8 (2020-11-12)

* Support Kotlin's explicit API mode in generated code, see #144.
* Handle packages starting with an uppercase letter properly, see #150.
* Use the correct import if an uppercase function is imported with the same name as the type, see #154.
* Support properties as providers in Dagger modules, see #149.

## 2.0.7 (2020-11-12)

* **DO NOT USE!** This version was compiled with the wrong Kotlin version. 

## 2.0.6 (2020-10-06)

* Support constructor injection for classes with bounded types, see #126.
* Print a better error message for Dagger provider methods with implicit return types, see #124.
* Fix another instance of absolute paths as task inputs, see #65.
* Use lazy APIs in the Gradle plugin for task configuration avoidance.
* Handle named imports correctly, see #137.

## 2.0.5 (2020-09-18)

* Support type parameters for @Inject constructors, see #111.
* Handle named imports properly, see #115.
* Fix a bug for Gradle's experimental configuration caching feature, see #113. 
* Implement an extension for the new Kotlin IR backend. This extension will ship with Kotlin 1.4.20, see #11.
* Build the project and run tests in CI with JDK 11.
* Preserve variance keywords when generating factory classes, see #120.

## 2.0.4 (2020-09-18)

* Ignore, this release was built with Kotlin 1.4.20 accidentally.

## 2.0.3 (2020-09-08)

* Support classes with multiple generic parameters for field injection, see #91.
* Fix missing Factory class when Anvil generates them, `@MergeModules` is used and a Kotlin object uses `@ContributesBinding` in the dependency graph.
* Fix absolute paths in Kapt tasks, see #65.
* Similar to Dagger throw an error if provider names clash, see #99.
* Verify that the replacement and exclusion mechanism is only used within the same scope, see #107.
* Rework how imports are resolved for generated code. That should fix problems around inner classes #97 and avoid unused imports #82. 

## 2.0.2 (2020-09-01)

* Support using `@ContributesBinding` for objects and generate a `@Provides` rather than a `@Binds` function.
* Allow using Anvil to generate Dagger factories in modules using `@Subcomponent`, see #74.
* Reduce the size of the generated bytecode in certain scenarios, see #76.
* Stop adding the `@Generated` annotation. This leads to issues on Android where this annotation doesn't exist, see #75. 
* Support classes starting with a lowercase character, see #80.
* Support generic classes using field injection, see #91.
* Add missing import for inject constructor factories when the injected type is an inner class, see #79.

## 2.0.1 (2020-08-27)

* Throw a compilation error when a `@ContributesBinding` annotation binds a generic type.
* Remove absolute paths in Kotlin compilation task inputs #65.
* Add new experimental feature to generate Dagger factories for faster build times.

## 2.0.0 (2020-08-07)

* Change the `replaces` attribute from a single class to an array. This gives the API more flexibility and avoids redundant classes. E.g. one Dagger module with several binding and provider methods may wish to replace multiple other Dagger modules.
* Introduce the new `@ContributesBinding` annotation. This annotation allows you to contribute binding methods without actually writing a Dagger module.
    ```kotlin
    interface Authenticator
    
    @ContributesBinding(AppScope::class)
    class RealAuthenticator @Inject constructor() : Authenticator
    
    // The generated and automatically included Dagger module would look similar like this:
    @Module
    @ContributesTo(AppScope::class)
    abstract class AuthenticatorModule {
      @Binds abstract fun bindRealAuthenticator(authenticator: RealAuthenticator): Authenticator
    }
    ```
* Support nested classes for contributed Dagger modules and component interfaces if the outer class uses a different scope #45.

## 1.0.6 (2020-07-29)

* Add the annotation artifact as an `implementation` dependency instead of `api` #40.
* Remove the strong dependency on the Android Gradle Plugin and allow Anvil to be used in pure JVM modules #39.

**Note:** This version is compatible with Kotlin `1.3.72` and `1.4.0-rc`. The [bug](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-40214) that required special builds for the 1.4 milestone releases was fixed.

## 1.0.5-1.4-M3 (2020-07-24)

* Renamed the project from Hephaestus to Anvil #12. **IMPORTANT:** Anvil is not compatible with Hephaestus and you must upgrade the plugin in all of your libraries. The artifact coordinates changed, too.
* Same as `1.0.5`, only built with Kotlin 1.4-M3.

## 1.0.5 (2020-07-24)

* Renamed the project from Hephaestus to Anvil #12. **IMPORTANT:** Anvil is not compatible with Hephaestus and you must upgrade the plugin in all of your libraries. The artifact coordinates changed, too.

## 1.0.4-1.4-M3 (2020-07-24)

* Ensure that types cannot be included and excluded at the same time, which leads to unexpected results.
* Fix a classpath issue in the Gradle plugin when using the new plugin syntax #31.
* Same as `1.0.4`, only built with Kotlin 1.4-M3.

## 1.0.4 (2020-07-24)

* Ensure that types cannot be included and excluded at the same time, which leads to unexpected results.
* Fix a classpath issue in the Gradle plugin when using the new plugin syntax #31.

## 1.0.3-1.4-M3 (2020-07-17)

* Bug fix for Gradle's configuration caching #29.
* Same as `1.0.3`, only built with Kotlin 1.4-M3.

## 1.0.3 (2020-07-17)

* Bug fix for Gradle's configuration caching #29.

## 1.0.2 (2020-07-17)

* Discarded

## 1.0.1 (2020-07-09)

* Added support for Gradle's configuration caching and made task configuration lazy #19.
* Fixed the implicit requirement to apply plugins in a specific order #8 #16.
* Fixed file path issues on Windows #13 #24.
* Allow Dagger modules that are interfaces #14 #24.
* Test Hephaestus with Kotlin `1.4` and `1.4.2`.
* Use `1.0.1-1.4-M3` to use Hephaestus in projects with Kotlin 1.4-M3.

## 1.0.0 (2020-06-16)

* Initial release.
